hey everyone this is James from fun
foods and today I have another state
Patrick's Day recipe I want to share
with you guys and that recipe is for box
tea now box tea is a potato base cake
like a potato pancake almost it's a real
simple dish to make there's a lot of
steps involved but it's pretty simple to
follow along with and I'll show you how
to make that in just a few minutes but I
just want to remind you guys that I will
be traveling to London and I'll be
arriving there on Friday and I'll be
there for a whole week so I urge you to
follow my Twitter and my Instagram
because I'm going to be updating things
constantly on that as well as following
my facebook all the links below or in
this description below and you may want
to follow my vlog channel which is also
listed below in the description and the
reason you want to follow is I'm going
to do a special giveaway while I'm over
there and it's only going to be
announced on Twitter and Instagram so
you want your get your hands on some
Amazon gift cards you definitely want to
follow me on Twitter and Instagram and
maybe Facebook so I'll see you about the
Facebook pen but get your hands on some
free cash so keep watching and I'll show
you how to make this recipe start by
cutting three peeled potatoes into
quarters place them in a pot and boil
them until they are soft while your
other potatoes are boiling great three
uncooked potatoes rinse your shredded
potatoes with some cold water turn them
out onto a clean dish cloth wrap up the
towel tightly and squeeze out all the
liquids
in a large bowl whisk two large eggs add
a pinch of salt and pepper and also
nutmeg next add some diced onions now
just add milk to your cooked potatoes
and mash them until they are creamy add
the shredded potatoes and mix well now
add two tablespoons of all-purpose flour
then add your eggs to the mixture
prepare a frying pan by melting two
tablespoons of butter over medium heat
add about 1/4 of a cup of the potato
mixture to the pan and cook for about
three to four minutes then flip and cook
for another three or four minutes when
they develop a golden-brown color
they're ready when finished put your
boxty on a plate and this is best served
with some scrambled eggs and some corned
beef hash well thanks everyone for
watching to see how to make this box tea
recipe perfect for st. Patrick's Day of
course and if you enjoyed this video
please hit that like button below also
hit subscribe if you haven't done so
already and you'll see new videos every
Sunday at 2 o'clock I will put videos
off to the side that I think you may
enjoy I hope you have a happy st.
Patrick's Day and remember to follow me
on Twitter and Instagram because I'll be
updating things all next week while I'm
in London